Replace drop down with select in cascading scenario topic (#1127)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/combo_cascading.md

---
title: Cascading Scenario
_description: The igx-combo and igx-select exposes events, properties and methods that allows to easily construct cascading scenario using one of the controls or both of them.
_keywords: Ignite UI for Angular, UI controls, Angular widgets, web widgets, UI widgets, Angular, Native Angular Components Suite, Native Angular Controls, Native Angular Components Library, Angular Combo components, Angular Combo controls, Angular Cascading Combo, Angular Select, Angular Cascading Scenario

> _language: kr

Reviewer: The EN version is in Korean

---

## Cascading Scenario
<p class="highlight">

> The [igx-combo]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxcombocomponent.html) and [igx-select]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxselectcomponent.html) exposes events, properties and methods that allows to easily construct cascading scenario, either using one of the controls or both of them.

Reviewer: Some small changes, since the point talks about both components
```suggestion
The [igx-combo]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxcombocomponent.html) and [igx-select]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxselectcomponent.html) expose events, properties and methods that allow users to easily construct cascading scenarios, either using one of the controls or both of them.
```

</p>
<div class="divider"></div>

### Demo

> The following sample demonstrates scenario, using two [igx-select]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxselectcomponent.html) and [igx-combo]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxcombocomponent.html) components:

Reviewer: The wording's a bit off, I think this is a bit better
```suggestion
The following sample demonstrates a scenario where two [igx-select]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxselectcomponent.html) and [igx-combo]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxcombocomponent.html) components are used:
```

<div class="sample-container loading" style="height: 540px;">
    <iframe id="cascading-combos-sample" frameborder="0" seamless width="100%" height="100%" src="{environment:demosBaseUrl}/lists/cascading-combos" onload="onSampleIframeContentLoaded(this);"></iframe>
</div>
<div>

>     <button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="cascading-combos-sample" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">StackBlitz 에서보기</button>

Reviewer: This shouldn't be in Korean
```suggestion
    <button data-localize="stackblitz" disabled class="stackblitz-btn" data-iframe-id="cascading-combos-sample" data-demos-base-url="{environment:demosBaseUrl}">view on stackblitz</button>
```

</div>
<div class="divider--half"></div>

### Usage
To get started import the `IgxComboModule`, `IgxSelectModule` in the **app.module.ts** file:

```typescript
// app.module.ts

...
import { IgxComboModule, IgxSelectModule } from 'igniteui-angular';

@NgModule({
    ...
    imports: [..., IgxComboModule, IgxSelectModule],
    ...
})
export class AppModule {}
```

> In the sample below are used an [igx-combo]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxcombocomponent.html) and two [igx-select]({environment:angularApiUrl}/classes/igxselectcomponent.html) components. The API of the both components are used to get selected item from one and load data source for the next either select or combo, clear selection or reset data source.

Reviewer: The wording on `In the sample below are used` seems off to me. I think that something along the lines of `The sample below uses` could work.
